A serial driver should be installed on Windows 7 only (#1334)
ARMmbed/Handbook: docs/program-setup/serial/serial_driver.md

# Windows serial driver

> <span class="warnings">**Warning**: This page is for **Windows 7 only**. Do NOT install the serial driver on Windows 8 or above - serial ports work out of the box.</span>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<span class="warnings">**Warning**: This page is for **Windows 7 only**. Do not install the serial driver on Windows 8 or newer; serial ports work out of the box with these versions.</span>
```
